feat: domains docs and better linter docs (#1820)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/linter/index.mdx

}
```

### Domains

> Domains are a Biome feature that allows to have more control over the lint rules. Domains could be seen as "concepts", or another form of category, however they offer different features compared to groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domains are a Biome feature that allow for grouping rules by technology, or well, _domain_. Examples of domains are `"react"`, `"solid"`, and `"test"`.
```

A domain:

> - Can enable particular rules when Biome detects certain dependencies in the `package.json` of a project.
> - Can add particular global variables.
> - Can contains a small set of recommended rules.

Author: ```suggestion
- Has its own set of recommended rules.
- Can be automatically enabled when Biome detects certain dependencies in your `package.json` file.
- Can define additional global variables.
```

> Biome linter will enable the rules that belong to a domain when it detects certain dependencies in the nearest `package.json`. For example, if the `mocha` dependency is detected, Biome will enable the **recommended rules** of the [`test`](/linter/domains#test) domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Biome's linter will automatically enable the rules that belong to a domain when it detects certain dependencies in the nearest `package.json`. For example, if the `mocha` dependency is detected, Biome will enable the **recommended rules** of the [`test`](/linter/domains#test) domain.
```

However, if there's no `package.json` or the default configuration doesn't apply, you can enable the domain via configuration:

```json title="biome.json" ins={4}
{
  "linter": {
    "domains": {

>       "test": "on"

Reviewer: I'm getting this feeling it might be nicer if `"test"` were called `"testing"` instead :thinking:

Author: I don't have strong feelings, we're still in time :)

### Accessibility

Rules focused on preventing accessibility problems.

### Complexity
Rules that focus on inspecting complex code that could be simplified.

### Correctness
Rules that detect code that is guaranteed to be incorrect or useless.

### Nursery
New rules that are still under development.  Nursery rules require explicit opt-in via configuration on stable versions because they may still have bugs or performance problems. They are enabled by default on nightly builds, but as they are unstable their diagnostic severity may be set to either error or warning, depending on whether we intend for the rule to be recommended or not when it eventually gets stabilized. Nursery rules get promoted to other groups once they become stable or may be removed.  Rules that belong to this group are not subject to semantic version.

### Performance
Rules catching ways your code could be written to run faster, or generally be more efficient.

### Security
Rules that detect potential security flaws.

### Style

> Rules enforcing a consistent and idiomatic way of writing your code. This rules, by design, *will never emit errors* unless configured otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules enforcing a consistent and idiomatic way of writing your code. By default, these rules will only generate warnings instead of errors.
```

- The rule fix can change the semantics of a program, so the fix must be opted in by the user.
- The rule fix can deteriorate the DX while typing and/or saving. An example is `noUnusedVariables`, which adds `_` to the name of unused variables. This can deteriorate the DX of programmers while typing and saving.

> If a code fix doesn't fall under these three guidelines, it's possible that the team forgot to make the rule fix safe. Open an issue or send a PR!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a code fix doesn't follow these three guidelines, it's possible that the team forgot to make the rule fix safe. Please open an issue or send a PR!
```
